A tcp/multiplayer implementation. The game is basically your everyday Gomoku (or five-in-a-row), plus a capture two rule: if two stones (not more) are "clamped" by an opponents stone on both sides, they can be captured (see diagram below). Capturing 10 stones is an other way to win, besides placing five in a row. Stones are only captured when a clamping stone is placed - playing inside isn't suicide. The board edge cannot be used instead of a clamping stone. This is a console java program that also acts as a telnet server; one player plays on the local terminal, another connects by a telnet client (preferably with local echo turned on). Board parameters are specified on the command line (the board is square and an odd number of intersections wide, between 7 and 19; optionally, it wraps around the edges), like this:

Original website: http://hactar.port70.net/kzed/projects/gobang/

![Tags: Five in a Row, Tic Tac Toe, TicTacToe, 5 in a Row, Go-Moku, Connect, Connect5, Connect6, Caro, Noughts and Crosses, Gomoku, Renju, Pente, Piskvork, Amoba, Kółko i Krzyżyk, Gomocup, AI, Engine, Artificial Intelligence, Brain, Pbrain, Gra, Game, Source Code Files, Program, Programming, Github, Board, Coding.](capture.png "Tags: Five in a Row, Tic Tac Toe, TicTacToe, 5 in a Row, Go-Moku, Connect, Connect5, Connect6, Caro, Noughts and Crosses, Gomoku, Renju, Pente, Piskvork, Amoba, Kółko i Krzyżyk, Gomocup, AI, Engine, Artificial Intelligence, Brain, Pbrain, Gra, Game, Source Code Files, Program, Programming, Github, Board, Coding.")

Tags: Five in a Row, Tic Tac Toe, TicTacToe, 5 in a Row, Go-Moku, Connect, Connect5, Connect6, Caro, Noughts and Crosses, Gomoku, Renju, Pente, Piskvork, Amoba, Kółko i Krzyżyk, Gomocup, AI, Engine, Artificial Intelligence, Brain, Pbrain, Gra, Game, Source Code Files, Program, Programming, Github, Board, Coding.